Add --disable-accounting option to root command (#470)
vast-io/vast: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Introduced the --disable-accounting option to the vast command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The new `--disable-accounting` option can shut off periodic gathering of system telemetry.
```

You used backticks for the option in the other PR, so I figured we should be consistent. Also, I don't think we need to prefix entries in the `Added` section with `"Introduced..."`, so I went ahead and described the actual feature, as opposed to that we we just added it.
